I’m a designer(hyperlink to tumblr?? of interfaces designed/ap psych stuff folder), developer (link to github), and journalist(link to articles) who’s interested in the role that technology plays in the newsroom. I’m particularly interested in tools for publishing  (link to our what’s changing journalism project) and…

Hello,
My name is Eva. I am an MA student in NYU Journalism’s Studio20 (http://journalism.nyu.edu/graduate/programs/studio-20-digital-first/) program where I am studying innovation in digital journalism. Before coming to NYU I attended the University of Washington where I completed a B.A in Communications and a B.S. in Computer Science so most of my studies revolve around the intersection between these two things.
I’m fascinated by all of the new avenues being explored within digital story telling and am particularly interested in the area of newsroom tools and workflows and how they fit together (http://projects.nyujournalism.org/newsliteracy2016/topics/content-management-systems/).
Current projects
Currently I am focusing a lot on my thesis, a research project in digital preservation that focuses particularly on how data driven news applications can be preserved. I am also working on a full redesign of the NYU Applied Psychology website in partnership with the school web team, as well as  expanding on my work in data story telling for (campaign-finance.org) with exploration of FEC data using Neo4j and Linkurious. 
 

VenueNext: 

interested in building functional and beautiful ui’s 

full stack?

Tax Photo Entry
This is a Django web application created for NYC Department of Records and Information Services as a data entry and editing tool. It consists of a REST API over a Postgres database and jQuery front end. 

Bailiwick (campaign-finance.org)
This Django news application gives a comprehensive look of campaign finance in the US. As part of an independent study I wrote data scrapers as well as worked on the D3 visualizations. 

VenueNext
As an intern at VenueNext I worked UI elements for the Ruby on Rails CMS that powers the creation of their app. This is a table that shows Food and Beverage orders as they come up. It is written in React and lets the user sort entries or select for more detail


New York Values
This is a multimedia project produced during the second semester of my MA program; it is built with jQuery, HTML, CSS and firebase. Currently up for an ONA award
https://github.com/igorecarrasco/NYCVAL-NEWGITHUB
NYC-Values.com

React
This is a functioning prototype built for the second semester of my MA program for a class  on innovating political coverage. It is a live reaction app that allows users to vote on their feelings on any given moment during live political events such as debates. It is built using HTML, CSS, jQuery, D3 and firebase. Also conducted UX testing
https://github.com/igorecarrasco/REACTWEEKEND/tree/master/public
https://boiling-heat-8030.firebaseapp.com

re-engineered Quant Based Tool (reQBT)
This is a re-engineered version of a tool used by the NYC Office of the Chief Medical Examiner, built for the Legal-Aid Society. This tool is open sourced and available as an executable upon request. There are several versions in different languages (found here) This, our final is Python with a pyQT UI